I am a third-year undergraduate student studying Computer Graphics at the University of Florida. My distinct software development skillset is forged from an affinity for applied physics. By taking on a concentration in Mechanical Engineering, I am better attuned to how natural phenomena are constrained and represented in practical mathematics. This insight gives me a unique approach to solving and polishing real-time simulations.  Working with this research team is an invaluable opportunity to exercise niche design patterns and frameworks while progressing towards revolutionizing the simulation industry.

I have worked rigorously on a spectrum of projects, including making a drawing application through simulation of a marble on a tilting platform. Using JavaFX, I took the principles of fluid mechanics and applied them to a product of my own creation. Additionally, I led a diversified team responsible for designing a VPL framework. Through my experience with VPEs, I outlined needs-based user profiles and was responsible for most of the MVC pattern integration. Currently, I am working on an interactive narrative as part of a four person team. After the pre-production phase is completed, with concept art and a full design document, we will develop the final video game using Unity, Maya, and audio manipulation. Each member acts as the head of a “department” while contributing across the board; a team structure I have extensive practice with from Gators Humans vs. Zombies.  

When designing a game where every NPC reacts in an unpredictable pattern, the result is a dense network of teams to provide structure.  A structure not unlike weaving together custom data types, structures, and design patterns into one cohesive framework, the moderator team is comprised of multiple classes; except here the classes are a narrative team and a gameplay team, and each member is a different method that outputs various data types (like actors or emails). As lead on this team of teams, my job is to compose this unit of vast diversity to work seamlessly together to develop a 5-day, campus-wide event that over a hundred participants will interact with; and to the best of our ability, predict their behaviors.Naturally, when presented with so many variables one cultivates a strong set of collaborative skills to balance the variety of personalities with dynamic schedules, parallel to working on a product with a programming team where design requirements change halfway through. Above all, HvZ has trained me to think creatively, yet simply such that the game designed can be understood by a diverse player-base.
<br />I have what you would call a mind full of organized chaos of systematic abstractions.  I live by the philosophy that nothing is isolated in existence, there has to be an environment crammed with nooks and crannies to weave in and out of; and all things, at some level move about reality as snowballs rolling down mountains of fresh powder. I develop art as a means to fulfill this philosophy.
<br />I start my process with a realization of a relation between one thing and it’s surroundings, be it instruments in an orchestra or presumed personalities of animals like fish, or even the scientific concept of photon interaction with different surface materials. I don’t act on these epiphanies right away though, rather I prefer to let them stew in my brain and grow. I spend days after the initial idea looking for similar relations elsewhere, such as a different composer, different living situation, or another microphysics phenomenon. I aim for the largest, most entangled mess of thoughts, from abstract to concrete, before I move outside of my thoughts.
